> This update adds a lot of new features and config settings. You might want to have a look at the config again.

## New Features:
* Xaero's "Tracked Players" are now used instead of waypoints for players by default. If this is turned off, it will still display the players head as an icon on the waypoint.
* "Tracked Players" also show the distance next to the name. (can be toggled in the config)
* Marker-Waypoints now display the custom icon from the web-map.
* It can now display claims / area markers / polygons from all Web Maps as a colored chunk overlay.
* It will now use the update-delay set by the web-map by default. However, the delay can be manually decreased in the config. This allows for a 1-second delay in many cases.
* If a player is within view-distance or locator-bar-distance that position is used instead of the position from the web map and is updated in real-time. Note 1: The server only sends a block accurate locator-bar-position for players within 200m. Note 2: This mod only displays waypoints or trackers for players that are visible on the web-map to comply with Modrinth's Content Rules.
* Player Trackers have adjustable smoothing / interpolation.
* It can now detect and display if the AFK-time of another player is probably longer than the time you are on the server because they were already there when you connected.
* AFK-time is now correctly continued when reconnecting.
* Lots of settings for waypoints can now be adjusted independently for the Hud, MiniMap and WorldMap.
* You can now exclude markers, area-markers or icons of markers individually by providing a word black- or white-list.

## Fixes:
* No longer forces "Render All Waypoint Sets" to be on.
* Added a "User-Agent" property to all HTTP(S)-Requests to prevent proxies like Cloudflare from blocking the requests. (Thanks to: Minegamer06)
* Multiple markers with the same name are now correctly shown.
* Markers from all Bluemap-maps from the current dimension are now correctly shown.